firefighter specialist Kevin James ke Zi
Han jy and es well we're not really sure
what caused the incident but there was
two victims in the single vehicle
accident
one victim self extricated and the other
one took approximately 45 minutes tack
to be extricated
high rate of speed
it's still under investigation by the
Sheriff's Department so we haven't heard
an exact cause of the accident yet but
obviously by the amount of damage we'll
do you know that there was a high rate
of speed involved
talk about how it was trying together
well the driver was out when we arrived
on scene and the passenger was pretty
technical involved her legs were pinned
between the door and she was she was
trapped pretty tightly so it took a lot
of tools and manpower to get around
basically all of our expectation tools
that we have on the on the truck which
is a spreaders jaws of life Rams cutters
saws and manpower her condition she was
critical
she had severe lower leg injuries and
she's going to need evaluation by a
medical doctor to determine what the
extent of her internal injuries are but
she was critical when we got her out of
the vehicle
this reckless the fire station was 57
year old over a golf ball 57 is actually
in Southgate
it's this is actually station 115 and
there was multiple calls in this area at
the time and actually what happened was
one of our paramedic squads was
returning from another call work as a
reported traffic collision with victims
trapped which ended up being just a
minor accident they were on their way
back and came across the traffic
collision just after about them
no this was a separate incident it was
in the city of Cerritos that they were
responding to and they were canceled and
they were on the way back to their
station when they was when they came
across this accident
it was approximately 50 minutes that we
were extricated physically entertaining